# Unit2

1.  choose  v. 选择
    choice  n.
2.	take a look   看一看: have a look
Let’s take a look at the map. 
3.  stupid  adj. [ˈstju:pid]愚蠢的: silly ; foolish
4.  action  n. 动作 
   action film 动作片，武打片 
   Actions are more important than words.
act   v. 行动, 扮演
actor  n. 男演员
actress  n. 女演员
active  adj. 积极的 
5.  robber   [ˈrɔbə]  n.  强盗
They kept a close eye on the robber. 
rob  v. 抢劫
rob sb. of sth.
They robbed the bank of a lot of money. 
 steal sth. from sb.
 They stole a lot of money from the bank. 
 robbery   n.  抢劫案 
6.  hate  v.  讨厌，不喜欢：dislike 
     hate to do sth. / hate doing sth.
 I hate to interrupt someone who is busy working.
 I hate going to work. 
7.  adventure   [ədˈventʃə] n . 冒险
Adventure is the salt of life to some people.
 Boys are usually fond of adventure. 
8.  in space   在太空 
There are many different kinds of stars in space. 
 in the sky在空中
A plane is flying high in the sky.
9.  duration  n. [djuəˈreiʃən]持续时间
We hope the war will be of short duration.
10.  full of   充满，挤满 
The hall is full of people.
 = The hall is crowded with people.
The bottle is full of water.
 = The bottle is filled with water
11.  laughter  [ˈlɑ:ftə] n. 笑，笑声 
I can hear his laughter even in the next room. 
 laugh  v.大笑 
 laugh at 嘲笑
12.  miss  v. 错过
 Hurry up, or you will miss the early bus.
          思念 
 I miss you very much.
missing  adj. 丢失的，失踪的
They still hoped to find their missing son.
13.  diary [ˈdaiəri]   n.  日记 
 dairy [ˈdɛəri]  n. 牛奶场，乳品店
14.  pay  v. 支付 
He paid the taxi and hurried home.
 They had to pay 200 yuan before leaving the place.
  pay for  支付…的费用 
  How much did you pay for your car?
  You’ll have to pay 70 yuan a week for your meals.
  Sb. spends some money on sth.
  Sth. costs sb. some money
  Sb. pays some money for sth. 
15.  altogether  adv. 总共：in all 
 Altogether there were 18 people on the bus.
16.  price  n.  价格 
 What is the price of the suit?     
= How much is the suit?
= How much does the suit cost?
  the price is high / low
17.  route  [ru:t] n. 路线 
Which is the shortest / longest route to the supermarket?
18．问路：
Where is the post office? 
 How can I get to the post office?
 Please tell me how to get to the post office.
 Could / Can you tell me the way to the post office?
19.  指路：
Turn left. Walk along Rose Street. 
 Turn right into Rose Street and walk along.
    Walk straight ahead.
   Take the first turning on the right.
 Take the second turning on the left.
 Walk to the end of the road.
 Walk down the street（南） 
 Walk up Green Road.（北） 
 You’ll see the post office in front of you.
 You’ll see the cinema on your right.