# Unit3笔记
1.	foreigner ['fɔrɪnə] n. 外国人 
Nowadays, more and more foreigners come to stay and work in Shanghai. 
foreign  ['fɔrin]  adj. 外国的
foreign country 
2.  over: more than多于
over / more than three hundred people
3.   654              six hundred and fifty-four
1,718           one thousand seven hundred and eighteen
27,105          twenty-seven thousand one hundred and five
108,221         one hundred and eight thousand two hundred and twenty-one
2,700,560        two million seven hundred thousand five hundred and sixty 
4.  crowded   ['kraʊdɪd] adj. 拥挤的 
    be crowded with    挤满了 = be full of
    Shanghai is a crowded city.
    Nanjing Road is always crowded with people. 
crowd  n.  人群   a crowd of  一群
5.  example [iɡ'zɑ:mpl] n.例子 
    Please give me an example.
    for example 例如 
    For examle, air has no colour.
    Peter, for example, is a good student.
6.  Canada  ['kænədə]  n.  加拿大 
    Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
    Canadian [kə'neɪdjən]  adj. 加拿大(人)的     n. 加拿大人
      I am Canadian. （指国籍）
      I am a Canadian. 
7.	Australia  [ɔ:'streɪljə] n.  澳大利亚
   Australian  [ɔ:'streɪljən] adj. 澳大利亚(人)的  n.  澳大利亚人 
8.  India['ɪndɪə]       n.   印度 
   Indian['ɪndjən]   adj. 印度(人)的  n.印度人 
8.	Britain [ˈbrɪtn]  n. 英国 : the UK
   British [ˈbrɪtɪʃ]  adj. 英国的  I’m British. （指国籍）
Briton  n.英国人  I’m a Briton.
9.	know about  知道，了解 
  I know a lot about the environment.
Do you know about Jay Chou?
10. sex 性别 
 M: male  男性，雄性  F: female 女性，雌性 
11. nationality [,næʃə‘nælətɪ]  n. 国籍 
   Rechard is American, John is British---they have different nationalities.
   What nationality are you? -----Chinese.
   nation n. 国家
   national adj.国家的
12.  international [, ɪntə‘næʃənl]   adj. 国际的 
international flight      international football match
13. Toronto [tə‘rɔntəu] 多伦多 
14.	 junior [‘dʒu:njə] adj. 初等的，初级的 
    junior high school 初级中学 
senior  [‘si:njə] adj.高等的，高级的
senior high school 高中 
     


